README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
i'm persuing computer systems engineering<br>my primary language is python<br>i also know a bit about C, C++, javascript<br>i am interested in backend development<br>i know sql databases<br>i also know Fastapi, React a little bit


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/Abdul Mueed) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/_mueed54) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/-mueed) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mueed9972@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Abdul-Mueed54&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Abdul-Mueed54&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Abdul-Mueed54&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Abdul-Mueed54&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section in README
Updated personal description to reflect current skills and interests.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me

Computer Systems Engineering student with a strong focus on learning new things. I primarily work with Python and have experience building APIs using FastAPI and SQL databases. I also have working knowledge of C, C++, JavaScript, and basic React, enabling effective full-stack collaboration. Passionate about building scalable, real-world systems and continuously improving my engineering skills.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/Abdul Mueed) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/_mueed54) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/-mueed) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mueed9972@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Windows Terminal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%20Terminal-%234D4D4D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows-terminal&logoColor=white) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Abdul-Mueed54&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Abdul-Mueed54&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Abdul-Mueed54&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Abdul-Mueed54&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
